2.0 Release Notes
=================

2.0.0
-----

This release adds ability to manage Python wheel packages. Wheel is currently considered the
standard for built and binary packaging for Python. More information about the differences between
sdist and wheel formats can be found in the `Python Packaging User Guide
<https://packaging.python.org/wheel_egg/>`_. Wheel packages can now be both uploaded and synced
from PyPi. When syncing from PyPi both sdist and wheel packages are synced. This results in many
packages existing in both formats in the Pulp Python repositories. This behavior maintains support
for older pip clients that are not aware of the wheel format.

Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^
The 2.0.x releases of the Python plugins depend on the Pulp 2.12.x or greater.

Upgrade
^^^^^^^

To upgrade, simply follow these steps (substituting for systemctl as appropriate, if you are not
using systemd):

#. Stop all Pulp services on every machine that is part of the installation::

   $ for s in {pulp_workers,pulp_resource_manager,pulp_celerybeat,httpd,goferd}; do sudo systemctl stop $s; done;

#. Upgrade the Pulp packages on every machine::

   $ sudo yum update

#. Apply database migrations::

   $ sudo -u apache pulp-manage-db

#. Start the Pulp services::

   $ for s in {pulp_workers,pulp_resource_manager,pulp_celerybeat,httpd,goferd}; do sudo systemctl start $s; done;

Bugfixes
^^^^^^^^

This release also contains some minor bugfixes. See the :fixedbugs:`2.0.0`.

Known Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^

:redmine:`2554`